"fast" mode for flagship and target images in the HUD (#9942)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "Ship outlines in shops"
	`Controls the display of your fleet ship icons when in the shipyard or outfitter. When fancy, applies a sobel filter to all ships. (This can result in high GPU load for large fleets.) When fast, just uses the ship's sprite.`

tip "Flagship outline in HUD"
	`Controls the display of your flagship icon in the HUD. When fancy, applies a sobel filter to the sprite. (This can result in high GPU load for some ships on very old or low performance computers.) When fast, just uses the ship's sprite.`

tip "Target outline in HUD"
	`Controls the display of your target ship icon in the HUD. When fancy, applies a sobel filter to the sprite. (This can result in high GPU load for some ships on very old or low performance computers.) When fast, just uses the ship's sprite.`

> 

Reviewer: I feel like this can be a single preference?

Reviewer: You could even merge it with the other preference as well.

Reviewer 2: I think at the very least these two new ones should be combined. I'd be fine with having these be separate from the outfitter/shipyard preference.

tip "Ship outlines in shops"
	`Controls the display of your fleet ship icons when in the shipyard or outfitter. When fancy, applies a sobel filter to all ships. (This can result in high GPU load for large fleets.) When fast, just uses the ship's sprite.`

tip "Ship outlines in HUD"

> 	`Controls the display of your flagship and target ship icons in the HUD. When fancy, applies a sobel filter to the sprites. (This can result in high GPU load for some ships on very old or low performance computers.) When fast, just uses the ships' sprites.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	`Controls the display of your flagship and target ship icons in the HUD. When fancy, applies a sobel filter to the sprites. (This can result in high GPU load for some ships on very old or low performance computers.) When fast, just uses the ship's sprite.`
```
